# Japanese Oak Wilt Mortality Analysis


## About the Dataset

This project uses a solar plant generation dataset [available on Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/anikannal/solar-power-generation-data).

**Kaggle Description**
> “This data has been gathered at two solar power plants in India over a 34 day period. It has two pairs of files - each pair has one power generation dataset and one sensor readings dataset. The power generation datasets are gathered at the inverter level - each inverter has multiple lines of solar panels attached to it. The weather sensor data is gathered at a plant level - a single array of sensors optimally placed at the plant.”


## Generator Data Fields

_(Descriptions from Kaggle)_



*   **DATE_TIME** - Date and time for each observation. Observations recorded at 15-minute intervals.
*   **PLANT_ID** - Plant ID - this will be common for the entire file
*   **SOURCE_KEY** - Source key in this file stands for the inverter id.
*   **DC_POWER** [kW] - Amount of DC power generated by the inverter (source_key) in this 15-minute interval. Units.
*   **AC_POWER** [kW] - Amount of AC power generated by the inverter (source_key) in this 15-minute interval. Units.
*   **DAILY_YIELD** - Daily yield is a cumulative sum of power generated on that day, until that point in time.
*   **TOTAL_YIELD** - This is the total yield for the inverter until that point in time.


## Weather Data Fields

_(Descriptions from Kaggle)_



*   **DATE_TIME** - Date and time for each observation. Observations recorded at 15-minute intervals.
*   **PLANT_ID** - Plant ID - this will be common for the entire file.
*   **SOURCE_KEY** - Stands for the sensor panel id. This will be common for the entire file because there's only one sensor panel for the plant.
*   **AMBIENT_TEMPERATURE** [C] - This is the ambient temperature at the plant.
*   **MODULE_TEMPERATURE** - There's a module (solar panel) attached to the sensor panel. This is the temperature reading for that module.
*   **IRRADIATION** - Amount of irradiation for the 15-minute interval.


## About Solar Generation & Inverters

An inverter is a device that converts direct current [DC] to alternating current [AC]. As our generator data is taken at the inverter level and the dataset description indicates that each inverter has multiple lines of solar panels attached to it, we can gather that the solar panels are generating DC power that the inverters are then converting to AC power.

We do not have details on the type of inverters used or their expected efficiency. However, according to [pvpmc.sandia.gov](https://pvpmc.sandia.gov/modeling-steps/dc-to-ac-conversion/cec-inverter-test-protocol/#:~:text=Inverter%20efficiency%20is%20the%20ratio,voltage%2C%20and%20sometimes%20inverter%20temperature.), in reference to photovoltaic power, “Inverter efficiency is the ratio of the usable AC output power to the sum of the DC input power and any AC input power. Typical grid-tied inverter efficiencies exceed 95% under most operating conditions. Efficiency changes as a function of AC output power, DC voltage, and sometimes inverter temperature.” Although we will explore the efficiency of the inverters in our dataset according to this description, Louis Lalonde from [electronicdesign.com](https://www.electronicdesign.com/markets/energy/article/21794160/dont-judge-a-solar-pv-systems-efficacy-by-inverter-efficiency-alone) points out that the efficiency of a photovoltaic system’s inverters is less important than the overall cost to extract power over time.

View notebooks for EDA on Plants 1 and 2
